whoa what am i doing ducks can fly oh my
god tornadoes everywhere mousqueton
abduct crap back back back back a duck's
opinion what's up guys a duck opinion
here and today i'm going to show you
guys how to breed animals in the
minecraft 1.1 update so i have a lot of
animals here and you can pretty much
attract most of them sometimes it
doesn't work so it's a little bit buggy
but you can attract most the animals
with wheat and you could easily just
lure them into your own little private
fenced area and you can start breeding
them in this particular way but as I say
sometimes some of them don't actually
follow you with the wheat I think it's a
little bit of a bug this is a good way
to attract animals to you such as pigs
sheep and cows and chickens these are
the ones you pretty much are going to be
breeding and then you can lock them in
there but pretty much on the whole how
to breed ratio you pretty much give
wheat to any of the animals they peer
heart serve their heads give them the
two of them they collide together and
make a little baby and so with this you
could easily collect pigs put them in
your own little own little fence gate
and just keep Brit breeding pigs and
just get tons and tons of hamburger
steak and you can get just you can get
ham but if you prefer steak you do the
same exact thing with the cows you click
two together they meet up they make out
and they breed now would sheep it's the
same way but sheep are a little bit
different because you can breathe like
two different color sheep together and
you'll either do a white one or black
ones i'm not sure give me a little black
one but if you breed two white ones
it'll give you a white one every time
you breathe two black ones they'll give
you a black one every time and if you
decide to die the sheep's red you can
breed say you can breathe two red ones
and it'll give you one baby red one and
that one will grow up and breed another
one and you can pretty much just collect
as much wool as you'll ever need just by
breeding them for a good couple
minecraft days and different colors that
you want and different color patterns
using different dyes so I mean that's
just
look at how to breed animals in
Minecraft one point oh point one and
it's pretty awesome we're going to start
making some farms in our duck craft
five-point oh let's play and we're going
to be doing some really cool breeding if
you want to see it in more detail than
this but that's pretty much how to do it
that's the first look at it and I hope
you guys enjoyed this video if I did
give it a thumbs up leave in the comment
what you guys think of breeding and what
breed mix so you're going to be doing if
you guys are new here subscribe because
we're doing the full coverage of 360
edition plus tons of Let's Plays Hunger
Games and tons more footage coming so
check us out become a duckling talk to
you guys later dusk and fly peace